# igtools
Business Finance Government How I Earned $89,500 to Buy a Car of My Dreams in Just Four Months [Detailed Instruction]  
Do you have enough money? Do you have everything you've been dreaming of? Are you happy with how your life is going? If the answer is 'Yes', then just don't waste your time: close this page.  Those who answered 'No', go on reading. I'll tell you how to quit your annoying full time job and start earning $400 or $600 a day just in 2 days, from the comfort of your home.  I succeeded in it, and if you want, you'll be successful, too! It won't hurt me if I share this secret with you, while it will help some of you to change your life for good and finally become financially free.  First, a couple of words about myself. 
My name is Ifeoma Okeke. I'm 26, I live in Lagos, Nigeria, and I'm just an ordinary girl from a family, which cannot by any means be called 'well-off'. I was born to middle-aged parents. My Mom was a nurse at a clinic, while my Dad was a dump truck driver.  When a girl, all I remember was that my parents made every effort to buy the cheapest food and clothes possible. If they were lucky enough, they would save up a bit for end of the year holiday. We even could go to village once in 3 or 4 years.  Once graduated from secondary school, I didn't even think about going to university, as I needed to raise money for my parents (already retired) and myself.  So I found a job instead, worked as a sales assistant, with a monthly wage around $45. It was 2011, and this was quite a good wage for Lagos.  I made enough money for living, but I had a dream, which was to buy a brand new Mercedes-Benz. I knew it was extemely expensive and I'd have to save up for years. However, this was fine with me. After all, it was a dream, and you just can't make your dream come true in a day or two. Well, this is what I thought at the time...  
In a few years, the financial crisis came. It was March, 2015, prices jumped up, people were in panic. I actually had nothing to lose, so I just went on working as usual...  However, 3 months more passed, and the children wear shop I worked at turned bankrupt, so here I was, with no job nor income sources at all, having to live on my parents' retirement benefits.  These were actually joyless times. I was looking desperately for any possible job opportunity on the Internet, but after nearly two months, there were no results at all.  Another two weeks passed, and I was about to abandon all hope, then suddenly I bumped into a web page. This was a story about a guy who had earned $5,000 on the net, in front of his computer, without even leaving the house he lived in!  He said he had traded binary options via OlympTrade.  I felt dizzy. Could it be the opportunity I'd been looking for, the one that comes up once in a lifetime?  At first, I hardly understood anything, but I went on reasearching more info, websites, forums, blogs, and other sources on this topic, and, eventually, I became quite knowledgeable in it. I felt so happy that I even remember this now. It was so exciting to think I became an expert and could now start earning cash online...  
Now, let's put my story a bit aside, as I also want you to know what I'm talking about. I'm going to tell you what are binary options, in a nutshell, so that you don't have to research dozens of websites, just like I did. I'll just save you a lot of time and effort.
